doc: Matter: new button and LED numbering (#15788)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/thermostat/README.rst

User interface
**************

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF52, nRF53 and nRF70 DKs

      LED 1:
         .. include:: /includes/matter_sample_state_led.txt

      Button 1:
         .. include:: /includes/matter_sample_button.txt

      Button 2:
         Prints the most recent thermostat data to terminal.

      .. include:: /includes/matter_segger_usb.txt

      NFC port with antenna attached:
          Optionally used for obtaining the `Onboarding information`_ from the Matter accessory device to start the :ref:`commissioning procedure <matter_thermostat_sample_remote_control>`.

   .. group-tab:: nRF54 DKs

      LED 0:

>          .. include:: /includes/matter_sample_state_led.txt

Reviewer: There seems to be discrepancy between the tab with old numbering (it doesn't mention All LEDs, and the LED 2 that corresponds to the LED 1 mentioned in the nRF54 devices) - is this intended?

Author: Good catch. Seems to be a copy-paste error on my part, as that information is from the Light switch sample.

After building the sample and programming it to your development kit, complete the following steps to test its basic features:

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF52, nRF53 and nRF70 DKs

      1. |connect_kit|
      #. |connect_terminal_ANSI|

>       #. Observe that **LED1** starts flashing (short flash on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      #. Observe that **LED 1** starts flashing (short flash on).
```

         This means that the sample has automatically started the Bluetooth LE advertising.
      #. Observe the UART terminal.
         The sample starts automatically printing the simulated temperature data to the terminal with 30-second intervals.
      #. Press **Button 2** to print the most recent temperature data to the terminal.
      #. Keep **Button 1** pressed for more than six seconds to initiate factory reset of the device.

         The device reboots after all its settings are erased.

   .. group-tab:: nRF52, nRF53 and nRF70 DKs

      1. |connect_kit|
      #. |connect_terminal_ANSI|

>       #. Observe that **LED0** starts flashing (short flash on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      #. Observe that **LED 0** starts flashing (short flash on).
```
